Hi everyone.
Today we will learn assignment operators in Python.
Assignment operators are used to assign values to variables equal.
That mean we will assign a value to this variable plus equal.
It's like x equal x plus three minus equal or multiplication equal.
There are a lot of operator assignment operators.
Let's do some examples.
I use the debugger mode.
Equal.
That mean we will assign the value five to the variable x addition plus equal subtraction.
Multiplication.
Division.
Modulus.
Floor division.
That mean without decimal and division, we will return a decimal.
This is the difference between division and floor division.
Exponentiation.